All right.
So we're going to show the comments to other users, admin, sorry, author and subscriber.
And there will be few differences.
For example, they will be able to update the the comment.
Okay.
And then the list of comments.
They will be seeing their own comments list unlike m22 comments for an admin.
So let's let me sign out as an admin and let me log in as author.
It will work for author and subscribe both.
So let's start from the author.
The comments, the comments base I think we've done have.
Let's have a look.
So bases for comments and obviously didn't create a new fire comments Nazis.
And let me just copy one of the layouts.
Let's grab from the index copy.
Go to comments based here.
So what I want to do is I'm going to have all the comments function and all the code in a component
so that I can import that for the author and later import for the subscriber as well, so that I don't
have to keep writing separately.
And I see here.
I'm going to import the comment component, which you don't even have at the moment.
So let me just go let me leave it like this for now.
Actually, let's try to have a look why we didn't get to see that base.
Let's go to the navigation,
the components nav off her nav comment.
So I guess it should be I think that should be also.
All right.
So that's also a comment and four so square and then let's go.
Subscribe to me.
That looks good.
I can now.
Yes.
So now we are in the comments phase.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a component comments and send him
comments.
Let's call it user comments.
User comments.
Today's.
Okay.
So let me create a function.
Wants to use a common sequence to.
Let me just return.
Something for now, let's say.
Comments.
Export default user comments.
So it should be down here.
Contexts export default.
All right.
So let's try importing this one.
Let's do it here.
He's a comments.
Okay.
Let's have a look.
Okay, so we got that component.
Let's log in as a subscriber as well.
Actually, I have another user called Forever.
Oh, I actually don't.
I do.
I just continue with that.
Three.
It'd be good to.
All right.
So it looks like this is Arthur.
You can see the desperate looks different.
Let me try different eyes around nine.
Really subscribe.
Okay.
All right.
So you can see the common space issues on it have.
Let's go.
It's good to subscribe to comments again here.
That's important component input and user comments from.
Components comments user comments and we should that you.
All right.
Now we have that here.
I guess we have for the iPhone.
We have for the subscriber as well.
Let's continue working on this user comments.